Feature/make uds aux open source (#37)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/examples/uds_auxiliary.rst

.. _uds_auxiliary:

Using UDS protocol
==================

UdsAuxiliary class (:py:class:`pykiso.lib.auxiliaries.udsaux.uds_auxiliary.UdsAuxiliary`) contained
in uds_auxiliary.py is the main interface between user and all the behind implemented logic.

> This class defines usable keywords(methods) for scripters in order to send a uds request to the device under test (raw or configurable)...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class defines usable keywords(methods) for scripters in order to send  uds requests to the device under test (raw or configurable)...
```

            self.is_negative = False
            self.nrc = None
            if self.data and self.data[0] == self.NEGATIVE_RESPONSE_SID:
                self.is_negative = True
                self.nrc = NegativeResponseCode(self.data[2])

Here is an example:

.. code:: python

    import pykiso
    from pykiso.auxiliaries import uds_aux
    from collections import UserList

    @pykiso.define_test_parameters(suite_id=1, case_id=1, aux_list=[uds_aux])
    class ExampleUdsTest(pykiso.BasicTest):
        def setUp(self):
            """Hook method from unittest in order to execute code before test case run.
            """
            pass

        def test_run(self):
            # Set extended session
            diag_session_response = uds_aux.send_uds_raw([0x10, 0x03])
            self.assertEqual(diag_session_response[:2], [0x50, 0x03])
            self.assertEqual(type(diag_session_response), UserList)
            self.assertFalse(diag_session_response.is_negative)

        def tearDown(self):
            """Hook method from unittest in order to execute code after test case run.
            """
            pass

Send UDS Config Request
-----------------------

> | Send UDS request as a configurable data dictionary. This method can be more practical for UDS requests with long payloads and a multitude of parameters.

Reviewer: If I remembered well, this method can only be used if the command is defined in the .odx file right. Can we mention it?
